引用列表如下：

1. ADguard Base filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_2_Base/filter.txt

2. ADguard Spyware filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_3_Spyware/filter.txt

3. ADguard Social filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_4_Social/filter.txt

4. ADguard Mobile filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_11_Mobile/filter.txt

5. ADguard Annoyances filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_14_Annoyances/filter.txt

6. ADguard Dns Filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_15_DnsFilter/filter.txt

7. ADguard TrackParam fliter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_17_TrackParam/filter.txt

8. ADguard Annoyances_Cookies filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_18_Annoyances_Cookies/filter.txt

9. ADguard Annoyances_Popups filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_19_Annoyances_Popups/filter.txt

10. ADguard Annoyances_MobileApp filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_20_Annoyances_MobileApp/filter.txt

11. ADguard Annoyances_Other filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_21_Annoyances_Other/filter.txt

12. ADguard Annoyances_Widgets filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_22_Annoyances_Widgets/filter.txt

13. ADguard Chinese filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/filter_224_Chinese/filter.txt

14. ADguard ThirdParty EasyList
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_101_EasyList/filter.txt

15. ADguard ThirdParty EasyListChina
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_104_EasyListChina/filter.txt

16. ADguard ThirdParty EasyPrivacy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_118_EasyPrivacy/filter.txt

17. ADguard ThirdParty Fanboy's Annoyance List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_122_FanboysAnnoyances/filter.txt

18. ADguard ThirdParty FanboysSocialBlockingList
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_123_FanboysSocialBlockingList/filter.txt

19. ADguard ThirdParty WebAnnoyancesUltralist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_201_WebAnnoyancesUltralist/filter.txt

20. ADguard ThirdParty PeterLowesList
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_204_PeterLowesList/filter.txt

21. ADguard ThirdParty AdblockWarningRemovalList
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_207_AdblockWarningRemovalList/filter.txt

22. ADguard ThirdParty Online_Malicious_URL_Blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_208_Online_Malicious_URL_Blocklist/filter.txt

23. ADguard ThirdParty ADgkMobileChinalist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_209_ADgkMobileChinalist/filter.txt

24. ADguard ThirdParty Spam404
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_210_Spam404/filter.txt

25. ADguard ThirdParty Anti-Adblock Killer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_211_AntiAdblockKillerReek/filter.txt

26. ADguard ThirdParty ChinaListAndEasyList
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_219_ChinaListAndEasyList/filter.txt

27. ADguard ThirdParty CJXsAnnoyanceList
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_220_CJXsAnnoyanceList/filter.txt

28. ADguard ThirdParty xinggsf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_228_xinggsf/filter.txt

29. ADguard ThirdParty IdontCareAboutCookies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_229_IdontCareAboutCookies/filter.txt

30. ADguard ThirdParty FanboyAntifonts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_239_FanboyAntifonts/filter.txt

31. ADguard ThirdParty BarbBlock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_240_BarbBlock/filter.txt

32. ADguard ThirdParty FanboyCookiemonster
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_241_FanboyCookiemonster/filter.txt

33. ADguard ThirdParty NoCoin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_242_NoCoin/filter.txt

34. ADguard ThirdParty DandelionSproutAnnoyances
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_250_DandelionSproutAnnoyances/filter.txt

35. ADguard ThirdParty Legitimate_URL_Shortener
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_251_LegitimateURLShortener/filter.txt

36. ADguard ThirdParty Phishing_URL_Blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_255_Phishing_URL_Blocklist/filter.txt

37. ADguard ThirdParty Scam_Blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_256_Scam_Blocklist/filter.txt

38. ADguard ThirdParty uBlock_Origin_Badware_risks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry/master/filters/ThirdParty/filter_257_uBlock_Origin_Badware_risks/filter.txt

39. ADguard Base filter—first-party servers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/adservers_firstparty.txt  

40. ADguard Base filter—foreign servers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/foreign.txt  

41. ADguard Base filter cryptominers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/cryptominers.txt  

42. ADguard Base filter-adservers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/adservers.txt

43. ADguard Base filter-adservers_firstparty
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/adservers_firstparty.txt

44. ADguard Base filter-allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/allowlist.txt

45. ADguard Base filter-allowlist_stealth
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/allowlist_stealth.txt

46. ADguard Base filter-antiadblock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/antiadblock.txt

47. ADguard Base filter-replace
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/replace.txt

48. ADguard Base filter-content_blocker
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/BaseFilter/sections/content_blocker.txt

49. ADguard Exclusion rules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardSDNSFilter/master/Filters/exclusions.txt  

50. ADguard Exception rules  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardSDNSFilter/master/Filters/exceptions.txt  

51. ADguard SDNSFilter rules 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardSDNSFilter/master/Filters/rules.txt  

52. ADguard Tracking Protection filter — first-party trackers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/tracking_servers_firstparty.txt  

53. ADguard Tracking Protection filter — third-party trackers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/tracking_servers.txt  

54. ADguard Tracking Protection filter — mobile trackers  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/mobile.txt

55. ADguard Social filter-allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SocialFilter/sections/allowlist.txt

56. ADguard Social filter-general_elemhide
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SocialFilter/sections/general_elemhide.txt

57. ADguard Social filter-general_extensions
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SocialFilter/sections/general_extensions.txt

58. ADguard Social filter-general_url
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SocialFilter/sections/general_url.txt

59. ADguard Social filter-popups
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SocialFilter/sections/popups.txt

60. ADguard Social filter-social_trackers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SocialFilter/sections/social_trackers.txt

61. ADguard Annoyances filter-cookies_allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Cookies/sections/cookies_allowlist.txt

62. ADguard Annoyances filter-cookies_general
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Cookies/sections/cookies_general.txt

63. ADguard Annoyances filter-mobile-app_allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/MobileApp/sections/mobile-app_allowlist.txt

64. ADguard Annoyances filter-mobile-app_general
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/MobileApp/sections/mobile-app_general.txt

65. ADguard Annoyances filter-popups-antiadblock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Popups/sections/antiadblock.txt

66. ADguard Annoyances filter-popups-allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Popups/sections/popups_allowlist.txt

67. ADguard Annoyances filter-popups-general
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Popups/sections/popups_general.txt

68. ADguard Annoyances filter-popups-push-notifications_allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Popups/sections/push-notifications_allowlist.txt

69. ADguard Annoyances filter-popups-push-notifications_general
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Popups/sections/push-notifications_general.txt

70. ADguard Annoyances filter-popups-subscriptions_allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Popups/sections/subscriptions_allowlist.txt

71. ADguard Annoyances filter-popups-subscriptions_general
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Popups/sections/subscriptions_general.txt

72. ADguard Annoyances filter-Widgets
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/AnnoyancesFilter/Widgets/sections/widgets.txt

73. ADguard CNAME original trackers list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_original_trackers.txt

74. ADguard CNAME disguised ads list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_ads.txt

75. ADguard CNAME disguised clickthroughs list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_clickthroughs.txt

76. ADguard CNAME disguised microsites list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_microsites.txt

77. ADguard CNAME disguised trackers list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_trackers.txt

78. ADguard CNAME disguised mail_trackers list  
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/data/combined_disguised_mail_trackers.txt

79. ADguard Chinese filter-adservers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/ChineseFilter/sections/adservers.txt

80. ADguard Chinese filter-adservers_firstparty
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/ChineseFilter/sections/adservers_firstparty.txt

81. ADguard ChineseFilter-allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/ChineseFilter/sections/allowlist.txt

82. ADguard ChineseFilter-antiadblock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/ChineseFilter/sections/antiadblock.txt

83. ADguard ChineseFilter-general_elemhide
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/ChineseFilter/sections/general_elemhide.txt

84. ADguard ChineseFilter-general_extensions
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/ChineseFilter/sections/general_extensions.txt

85. ADguard ChineseFilter-general_url
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/ChineseFilter/sections/general_url.txt

86. ADguard ChineseFilter-replace
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/ChineseFilter/sections/replace.txt

87. ADguard Mobile filter-adservers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/adservers.txt

88. ADguard MobileFilter-allowlist_app
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/allowlist_app.txt

89. ADguard MobileFilter-allowlist_web
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/allowlist_web.txt

90. ADguard MobileFilter-antiadblock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/antiadblock.txt

91. ADguard MobileFilter-general_elemhide
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/general_elemhide.txt

92. ADguard MobileFilter-general_extensions
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/general_extensions.txt

93. ADguard MobileFilter-general_url
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/general_url.txt

94. ADguard MobileFilter-replace
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/MobileFilter/sections/replace.txt

95. ADguard SpywareFilter-allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/allowlist.txt

96. ADguard SpywareFilter-cookies_allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/cookies_allowlist.txt

97. ADguard SpywareFilter-cookies_general
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/cookies_general.txt

98. ADguard SpywareFilter-cookies_specific
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/cookies_specific.txt

99. ADguard SpywareFilter-general_elemhide
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/general_elemhide.txt

100. ADguard SpywareFilter-general_extensions
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/general_extensions.txt

101. ADguard SpywareFilter-general_url
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/general_url.txt

102. ADguard SpywareFilter-mobile
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/mobile.txt

103. ADguard SpywareFilter-mobile_allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/mobile_allowlist.txt

104. ADguard SpywareFilter-tracking_servers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/tracking_servers.txt

105. ADguard SpywareFilter-tracking_servers_firstparty
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/SpywareFilter/sections/tracking_servers_firstparty.txt

106. ADguard TrackParamFilter-allowlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/TrackParamFilter/sections/allowlist.txt

107. ADguard TrackParamFilter-general_url
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/ADguardFilters/master/TrackParamFilter/sections/general_url.txt
